Here are three new features that give you even more control on Positive Connect Cloud.
Number one, for the first time you can deploy programmatically from the RStudio IDE or any R
session thanks to new support in the RSConnect package. For instance, let's look at this
Quarto document that we're working on that scrapes data from ESPN.com. I can use the RSConnect package
to say Connect Cloud User. This is going to kick off a handshake with Connect Cloud.
I'm going to authorize access, and then I'm going to be able to go back into the IDE to
continue with the deployment. Once here, I can pick which account that I want,
and I can use another RSConnect command, deploy app, to put this onto Connect Cloud. It's going
to confirm which account that I want. So we'll go to Connect Cloud, we'll do our deployment,
we'll get all of the dependencies that are needed from our local environment,
and now we're going to be able to see this show up on Connect Cloud. And here's the final document.
Number two, set fine-grained compute and runtime settings. So let's go into a Shiny application.
This is an A-B test calculator. If I increase the number of conversions on the B side,
we're going to see all of a sudden we have statistical significance. But I can also go
into edit settings, and we're going to see a bunch of new tabs, one for compute. Now,
this is going to control the memory and the CPU allocated to both your deployment and when the
application is running. You can also control runtime settings for application workers and
connections. These give you control over how your application runs and scales for concurrent
requests and users. Any changes made here do require a republish. Feature number three,
users on paid plans can schedule automated content republishing. Let's go back to our
initial quarto document. If I go into schedule, I can select to enable a schedule for this piece
of content. Confirm that I'm looking at East Coast United States. Maybe I want weekly on Monday,
Wednesday, and Friday. And let's set this to 5.30 p.m. I save this, and I'm ready for the
schedule to repeat at those time intervals. There you have it, three new features to give
you more control on Connect Cloud.